README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/cristian-bicheru/fast-ta.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/cristian-bicheru/fast-ta)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/cristian-bicheru/fast-ta/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/cristian-bicheru/fast-ta)


# Building:
```bash
python3.x setup.py build_ext --inplace
```

# Testing:

To run CI tests:
```bash
bazel test //fast_ta/src/...
```
All of these must pass for any code to be added to the repo. Info on installing
bazel [here](https://docs.bazel.build/versions/master/install.html). More
info on developing & testing can be found in
[CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/cristian-bicheru/fast-ta/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

For general, eyeball testing you can generate plots of the indicators with
this script.
```bash
python3.x tests/tests.py --show-plots --save-plots
```

# Benchmarks:
**REQUIRES:** ta
```bash
python3.x benchmarks/<indicator>.py
```
**OUTPUTS:** SVG plotting times speedup

# Useful Resources:
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/index.html

https://docs.scipy.org/doc/numpy/reference/c-api.html

https://db.in.tum.de/~finis/x86-intrin-cheatsheet-v2.1.pdf

# TODO:

 - Aggregate code coverage data in CI.

Commit message:

Improve CMake Python/NumPy header detection system.

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/cristian-bicheru/fast-ta.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/cristian-bicheru/fast-ta)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/cristian-bicheru/fast-ta/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/cristian-bicheru/fast-ta)


# Building:
```bash
python3.x setup.py build_ext --inplace
```
OR using CMake
```bash
mkdir test_build && cd test_build
cmake -D<arch>=1 ..
make -j
``
For debugging purposes, you can use `cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug -D<arch>=1 ..` (where `<arch>` is either SSE2, SSE41, AVX, AVX2, or AVX512, or you can omit the `-D<arch>=1` entirely for a SIMD-free build.) 
NOTE: without `-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug` the compiler may introduce SIMD optimizations.
# Testing:

To run CI tests:
```bash
./test.sh

```
All of these must pass for any code to be added to the repo.

For general, eyeball testing you can generate plots of the indicators with
this script.
```bash
python3.x tests/tests.py --show-plots --save-plots
```

# Benchmarks:
**REQUIRES:** ta
```bash
python3.x benchmarks/<indicator>.py
```
**OUTPUTS:** SVG plotting times speedup

# Useful Resources:
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/index.html

https://docs.scipy.org/doc/numpy/reference/c-api.html

https://db.in.tum.de/~finis/x86-intrin-cheatsheet-v2.1.pdf

# TODO:

 - Aggregate code coverage data in CI.
